This file documents known issues present in the Davenport application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE:
    Davenport 0.9.9b is an interim release, and is likely to contain errors
    other than those listed here.

ISSUE:
    When switching from the HTML view of a collection to the Web Folders view
    under Windows Web Folders causes "ghost" folder to appear when the
    collection's filename contains non-ASCII characters.  Observed against
    Davenport 0.9.0.
DETAILS:
    When viewing a collection whose filename contains non-ASCII characters,
    reopening the collection as a Web Folder by clicking on the banner link
    results in a subfolder with the same name as the parent.  Attempting to
    open this "ghost" subfolder results in an error.
STATUS:
    Will not be fixed.  Internet Explorer accesses the collection correctly
    (using the UTF-8 representation for non-ASCII characters); however, when
    switching to Web Folders it uses the local character set to match the
    resource name.  It incorrectly identifies the collection as a member
    of itself.  Workaround is to navigate to the parent, and reopen the
    collection.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ISSUE:
    Error occurs when using Windows' Web Folders to access files containing
    non-ASCII characters when Davenport is running under Caucho' Resin
    Servlet container (and possibly others).  Reported against Davenport 0.8.0.
DETAILS:
    Servlet containers which accept only UTF-8 characters within URLs will
    not accept requests from Windows' Web Folders which contain non-ASCII
    characters.  Web Folders encodes such characters using the local character
    set, rather than UTF-8.  Resin in particular is known to exhibit this
    behavior, which results in the following response header under that
    container:

HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request The URL contains escaped bytes unsupported by the utf-8 encoding.

STATUS:
    Will not be fixed.  This issue is external to Davenport, and would require
    correction on the part of Windows or Resin.  Note that this is NOT
    technically a bug in Resin; there is no mandated interpretation of encoded
    non-ASCII URL characters, and UTF-8 is the recommended best practice.
    However, blocking the request at the container level prevents Davenport
    from receiving the request.  Web Folders' use of the local character set
    is non-portable, but is not likely to be corrected.  Note that this behavior
    is exhibited even when the Internet Explorer option "Always send URLs as
    UTF-8" is selected.

